Evaluation of depthmap toolkit CV height estimation (#426)
Welthungerhilfe/cgm-ml: cgmml/common/evaluation/CV/README.md

> # Setting up the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Computer vision

## Setting up the environment
```

To set up the environment, you have to be a member of CGM development team and have permissions to the Azure Storage and Cloudbeaver.

### Exporting metadata

> Open Cloudbeaver (https://cgm-core-infra-prod-ci-sqlmgmt.azurewebsites.net/#/) and run following SQL query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Cloudbeaver <https://cgm-core-infra-prod-ci-sqlmgmt.azurewebsites.net/#/> and run following SQL query:
```

`select s.id as scan_id, a.ord as ord, a.id as artifact_id, f.file_path as file_path, f.file_extension as file_extension, m.height, m.weight, m.muac,  s.version as scan_version, s.scan_type_id as scan_type, m.measured as measurement_date, s.scan_start as scan_date from scan s
join measure m on s.person_id = m.person_id and s.scan_start::date = m.measured::date
join artifact a on a.scan_id = s.id
join file f on a.file_id = f.id`

Then click on export and export as csv.

### Downloading raw data

> You can browse the data using Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer under cgm-in-bmz-sub/cgmbeciinbmzsa/Blob Containers/cgm-raw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can browse the data using Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer under `cgm-in-bmz-sub/cgmbeciinbmzsa/Blob Containers/cgm-raw`.
```

> Note that setting up the download process take about 2hours and downloading more than 60h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that setting up the download process takes about 2hours and downloading takes more than 60h.
```

To download more than one page of data in Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer:
* click on load more so often until it loads the whole selection
* click on select all/select all cached
* click on download

Known limitations:
* downloading 75000 files/folders at once immediatelly crashes the window tab
* downloading 20000 files/folders at once uses more than 16GB RAM and it is much slower than downloading smaller pieces (due to RAM swapping)

> I used the filter function to limit the downloaded amounts (the current size of the raw data is 17.5GB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the filter function to limit the downloaded amounts (the current size of the raw data is 17.5GB)
```

### Generate RGBD matching for metadata
Run
`python rgbd_match.py metadata_path`
where metadata_path is the path to the exported metadata file

Copy the generated `newmetadata.csv` file into the raw data folder.

> # Using the evaluation system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the evaluation system
```
